Revert "Update template urls (#7638)" (#7728)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/get-started/quickstarts.md

  }
</style>

---

## Example Projects

> {{<worker-starter title="Router" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-router" description="Run different logic based on the URL and request method. Use this starter to Build REST APIs or apps that require routing logic.">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<worker-starter title="Router" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-router" description="Run different logic based on the URL and request method. Use this starter to Build REST APIs or applications that require routing logic.">}}
```

{{<worker-starter title="Speedtest" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-speedtest"
description="Measure download / upload connection speed from the client side, using the Performance Timing API.">}}

> {{<worker-starter title="Sentry" repo="bustle/cf-sentry" description="Log exceptions and errors in your Workers application to Sentry.io - an error tracking tool">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<worker-starter title="Sentry" repo="bustle/cf-sentry" description="Log exceptions and errors in your Workers application to Sentry.io - an error tracking tool.">}}
```

  }
</style>

---

## Example Projects

{{<worker-starter title="Router" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-router" description="Run different logic based on the URL and request method. Use this starter to Build REST APIs or applications that require routing logic.">}}

{{<worker-starter title="Speedtest" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-speedtest"
description="Measure download/upload connection speed from the client side, using the Performance Timing API.">}}

> {{<worker-starter title="Sentry" repo="bustle/cf-sentry" description="Log exceptions and errors in your Workers application to Sentry.io - an error tracking tool.">}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{<worker-starter title="Sentry" repo="mhart/cf-sentry" description="Log exceptions and errors in your Workers application to Sentry.io - an error tracking tool.">}}
```

`bustle/cf-sentry` redirects to `mhart/cfsentry`

{{<worker-starter title="AWS DynamoDB SQS" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-aws" description="Use AWS services such as DynamoDB and SQS from a Cloudflare Worker.">}}

{{<worker-starter title="Edge-Side Rendering - Vitedge" repo="frandiox/vitessedge-template" description="Use Vite to render pages on Cloudflare's global network with great DX. Includes i18n, markdown support and more.">}}

{{<worker-starter title="REST API with Fauna" repo="fauna-labs/fauna-workers" description="Build a fast, globally distributed REST API using Cloudflare Workers and Fauna, the data API for modern applications.">}}

{{<worker-starter title="Analytics Engine Forwarder" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-analytics-engine-forwarder" description="Use a Worker to capture analytics data with Analytics Engine.">}}

---

## Frameworks

{{<worker-starter title="Hono" repo="honojs/hono-minimal" description="Hono is an ultrafast web framework built for Cloudflare Workers. This is a minimal project using Hono, TypeScript, esbuild, Miniflare, and Jest.">}}

> {{<worker-starter title="Apollo GraphQL Server" repo="signalnerve/workers-graphql-server" description="Lightning-fast, globally distributed Apollo GraphQL server, deployed on the Cloudflare global network using Cloudflare Workers.">}}

Reviewer 2: this redirects to https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-graphql-server -- can we update the `repo=` param so that the command displayed reflects this?

## Templates

> {{<worker-starter title="JavaScript Starter" repo="worker" description="A bare-bones Workers starter project, in JavaScript.">}}

Author: The `<worker-starter/>` fragment generates a command of the form `npx wrangler generate my-app $repo`. The value in `repo` is interpreted as either the (bare) name of a Cloudflare template, or a path on the default branch of a repo. Using `tree/main` in the repo path leads to the following command being generated:

```sh
npx wrangler generate my-app cloudflare/workers-sdk/tree/main/templates/worker
```

which results in the following error:

> ✘ [ERROR] Failed to find "tree/main/templates/worker" in https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk.git

If you omit the repo and path, and just use `repo=worker`, Wrangler will look it up in the `workers-sdk` templates folder by default:

```sh
npx wrangler generate my-app worker
```

Alternatively, using `repo=cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker` would also work.

(Fixing these generated commands in the quickstarts was the main purpose of this PR)

> {{<worker-starter title="JavaScript Starter" repo="worker" description="A bare-bones Workers starter project, in JavaScript.">}}

Author: Oh I _see_, that breaks the links... I think the partial needs to updated for the templates repo move

{{<worker-starter title="TypeScript Starter" repo="worker-typescript" description="A bare-bones Workers starter project, in TypeScript.">}}

> {{<worker-starter title="Workers Sites" repo="worker-sites" description="Easily deploy a static site or static assets to Cloudflare’s edge network.">}}

Author: As above

> {{<worker-starter title="Router" repo="worker-router" description="Run different logic based on the URL and request method. Use this starter to Build REST APIs or apps that require routing logic.">}}

Author: As above

{{<worker-starter title="BinAST" repo="xtuc/binast-cf-worker-template" description="Serve a JavaScript Binary AST via a Cloudflare Worker.">}}

> {{<worker-starter title="AWS DynamoDB SQS" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-aws" description="Use AWS services such as DynamoDB and SQS from a Cloudflare Worker">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<worker-starter title="AWS DynamoDB SQS" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-aws" description="Use AWS services such as DynamoDB and SQS from a Cloudflare Worker.">}}
```

> {{<worker-starter title="Edge-side rendering - Vitedge" repo="frandiox/vitessedge-template" description="Use Vite to render pages at the edge with great DX. Includes i18n, markdown support and more.">}}

Reviewer 2: let's capitalize for consistency
```suggestion
{{<worker-starter title="Edge-Side Rendering - Vitedge" repo="frandiox/vitessedge-template" description="Use Vite to render pages at the edge with great DX. Includes i18n, markdown support and more.">}}
```

> {{<worker-starter title="Edge-side rendering - Vitedge" repo="frandiox/vitessedge-template" description="Use Vite to render pages at the edge with great DX. Includes i18n, markdown support and more.">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<worker-starter title="Edge-Side Rendering - Vitedge" repo="frandiox/vitessedge-template" description="Use Vite to render pages at the edge with great developer experience (DX). Includes i18n, markdown support and more.">}}
```

{{<worker-starter title="REST API with Fauna" repo="fauna-labs/fauna-workers" description="Build a fast, globally distributed REST API using Cloudflare Workers and Fauna, the data API for modern applications.">}}

{{<worker-starter title="Analytics Engine Forwarder" repo="cloudflare/workers-sdk/templates/worker-analytics-engine-forwarder" description="Use a Worker to capture analytics data with Analytics Engine.">}}

---

## Frameworks

> {{<worker-starter title="Hono Starter" repo="honojs/hono-minimal" description="Hono is an ultrafast web framework built for Cloudflare Workers. This is a minimal project using Hono, TypeScript, esbuild, Miniflare, and Jest.">}}

Reviewer 2: suggestion to remove "starter" to be consistent with the format of the rest of the titles in this section
```suggestion
{{<worker-starter title="Hono" repo="honojs/hono-minimal" description="Hono is an ultrafast web framework built for Cloudflare Workers. This is a minimal project using Hono, TypeScript, esbuild, Miniflare, and Jest.">}}
```

> {{<worker-starter title="Apollo GraphQL Server" repo="signalnerve/workers-graphql-server" description="Lightning-fast, globally distributed Apollo GraphQL server, deployed at the edge using Cloudflare Workers.">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<worker-starter title="Apollo GraphQL Server" repo="signalnerve/workers-graphql-server" description="Lightning-fast, globally distributed Apollo GraphQL server, deployed on the Cloudflare global network using Cloudflare Workers.">}}
```

## Example Projects

> {{<worker-starter title="Speedtest" repo="worker-speedtest"

Author: As above
